Do you know who my father is?
My father is Sun Zhonghua.
Who is Sun Zhonghua?
Ok you call him
I have to see what kind of garbage can pour this out
beast
Dare to touch me
I will make you pay today
Hey Tang Lao Tzu
I've been hearing people talking about Brother Xiao every day recently
When will you give us an introduction?
Not in a hurry
Brother Sun
I just won the brand cooperation of Gucci recently.
And it has also been successfully settled in
Wancheng Business Center
I heard you guys are looking for a partner now
That's right. That's right.
This flag sells too much
The factory is in short supply.
Now we can only find other manufacturers to cooperate in production.
Well, let me tell you a secret.
Brother Xiao is actually the son-in-law of the Sun family
Sun family
Is it the Su Group?
Oh, dear.
Thanks for the advice, Brother Tang
Here's to you, brother
Hey, Brother Tang
I'm curious.
What kind of character is this Brother Xiao?
Can you please?
The richest man of the Qing family also respects him like a god
If you shouldn't ask, don't ask blindly
I'll tell you one thing.
Don't speculate on Brother Xiao's background and strength behind his back
It's okay if you don't understand this sentence.
How do you think I, Tang Long, despise the down payment?
worth tens of billions
One of a million people.
Then let me tell you something.
You remember me.
myth
I, Tang Long, am a fart in front of Brother Xiao